docs: Update Issue Closure in CONTRIBUTING.md (#20545)
electron/electron: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [Triaging a Bug Report](https://electronjs.org/docs/development/issues#triaging-a-bug-report)
* [Resolving a Bug Report](https://electronjs.org/docs/development/issues#resolving-a-bug-report)

### Issue Closure

> Bug reports will be closed if the issue has been inactive and the latest affected version has been phased out. At the moment, Electron maintains its three latest major versions, with a new major version being released every 12 weeks. (For more information on Electron's release cadence, see [this blog post](https://electronjs.org/blog/12-week-cadence).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug reports will be closed if the issue has been inactive and the latest affected version no longer receives support. At the moment, Electron maintains its three latest major versions, with a new major version being released every 12 weeks. (For more information on Electron's release cadence, see [this blog post](https://electronjs.org/blog/12-week-cadence).)
```
